Add L2Deposit doc (#125)
consenlabs/tokenlon-contracts: doc/strategies/L2Deposit.md

# L2Deposit

> The `L2Deposit` is a utility contract that helps users to convert their assets from L1 to supported L2. Users can onboard different L2 without approving tokens to L2 gateway or bridge multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `L2Deposit` is a utility contract that helps users to bridge their assets from L1 to supported L2. Users can onboard different L2 without approving tokens to each L2 gateway contract separately.
```

Currently `L2Deposit` supports following L2 networks:

-   Arbitrum
-   Optimism

## Parameters

| Field              |  Type   | Description                                                                               |
| ------------------ | :-----: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | L2Identifier       |  enum   | The identifier of L2 network.                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| l2Identifier       |  enum   | The identifier of L2 network.                                                             |
```

Author: Adjusted in 9800b5a.

| l1TokenAddr        | address | The address of token on L1.                                                    |
| l2TokenAddr        | address | The address of token on L2.                                                    |
| sender             | address | The address of sender on L1.                                                   |
| recipient          | address | The address of recipient on L2.                                                |

> | arbitrumRefundAddr | address | The address for arbitrum refund (if gas cost is less than the msg.value).      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| arbitrumRefundAddr | address | The address for arbitrum refund (if eventual gas cost is less than paid gas fee).      |
```

> | arbitrumRefundAddr | address | The address for arbitrum refund (if the eventual gas cost is less than the pre-paid gas). |

Reviewer 2: [just murmur] 

To my surprise I didn't notice before that `arbitrumRefundAddr` field is added into the deposit param struct 😱 

I think it would be better to put in bridge specific data. But this doesn't affect the functionality, just skip my murmur at this moment. 🤣

Reviewer: Yeah agree it's better to put it in bridge specific data. Maybe open a ticket for it and leave it as is for now?

Author: Ticket opened. Will fix in another PR.

> | amount             | uint256 | The amount of asset that is being converted.                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| amount             | uint256 | The amount of asset that is being bridged.                                   |
```

> | salt               | uint256 | A random number in struct to avoid replay attack.                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| salt               | uint256 | A random number to avoid replay attack.                              |
```

| expiry             | uint256 | The timestamp of the expiry.                                                              |

> | data               |  bytes  | The abi-encoded meta data. Differnt L2 network may have different data schema.            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| data               |  bytes  | The abi-encoded meta data. Different L2 network may have different data schema.            |
```

Author: Adjusted in 9800b5a.
